Clarify what a docstring is (#371)
exercism/julia: concepts/docstrings/about.md

# About

A docstring is a piece of text that describes the functionality of the subsequent code.
Docstrings allow for the automatic generation of documentation.

> They differ from comments in that they're part of the source tree and accessible to the program itself at runtime.[1]

Reviewer: I think this is confusing in the Julia context. We can also easily look up comments and implementation with `@edit`.

I think we should just say that they differ because they're integrated with the repl and documenter.jl help systems.

Reviewer: Only commenting on the last line.

Author: ```suggestion
They differ from comments in that they are integrated with the REPL and documentation help systems. (More details on those later.)
```

REPL.stripmd
```

## Sources

This entire document is derived from the [Documentation chapter](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/documentation/) of the Julia Manual.

> 
> [1]Docstring, Wikipedia. (2020). https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Docstring&oldid=991140087 (accessed April 6, 2021).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
